[Music]
with friends additional credit you want
to look at the additional credits you
guys we don't want to eat dessert before
we eat dinner come on man I like just uh
baby okay we're good all right yeah when
that chocobos running don't turn off the
game Tomar okay don't run over the
computer and kick the computer I really
wish you'd stop bringing that up I
really wish you'd stop bringing that up
this is our story when I was a boy I
used to dance you know was such a babe
and then I became a man and then I
realized it was all about Lulu and then
I became a jaded and angry man and I
realized Lulu is the kind of [__] that
would probably mix her period in with
your spaghetti sauce because she thinks
it'll make you love her forever I think
nearly every character in this group is
[__] up in a weird way you think walk
is okay but he's kind of annoying as
hell i I think everybody is cool except
for titãs tina's titus whatever if I
hung out with Yoona for like four days
your penis is the correct way to say it
but Titus is the way all the normal
people have cytus sounds cooler well
that's kind of a ride-or-die [__] but
yeah if you hung out with her for two
young she'd start praying at you and she
would drive me [__] ballistic you
think I think Riku would probably drive
me nuts that'd be that'd be the kind of
chick that like burns all your clothes
cuz she saw that you were two like
texting another Joe there's the first
one she's annoying at this point you're
supposed to be so excited because it's
in 2002 and you just got the first Final
Fantasy game to come out on the
PlayStation 2 oh you're right yeah you
kind of set me back there it gave me
shivers down my spine wow this has the
most obtrusive logo in the background
though you have to admit that anytime I
look out at a horizon a big logo comes
up and it always makes me angry is he
gonna say this is our story he says then
the opening silly silly bus gets you
goose
I'm so sad about that ball now we get to
watch the exact thing we just saw this
is
dori you love that line don't you in my
store he's been saying it since we said
we're gonna play this game
maybe our last chance somewheres been
running up and down the hallways in his
little booties saying this is our story
and also this may be our last chance
this is the only final fantasy game that
I've ever beat s7z only one I ever be
and I got to the very end of this game
and couldn't get past the boss at the
end I just never played it again listen
to my story let's listen to my story
yeah so it wasn't last chance
Tomer you fight though I totally
corrected myself it's in the video I
correct myself listen to my story like a
minute ago ok ok alright you can review
the footage don't cut it out to make me
look though dude put a D at the end of
that there is the XD it's officially
called a Final Fantasy lion face edition
I feel like 2002 was probably one of the
like cringy as we biasts stages in my
life
the future has the worst clothes I've
come to see and the worst children look
at that horrible thing I actually really
like this version of the prelude sign
dude that's me wait I remember this
opening part being really cool I don't
remember that little critter fading into
existence
we'll see how it starts we'll see how
well you remember tomar you've been
saying a lot of things about this in
that other game you please talk to your
biggest fans I remember the second I
heard these guys talk and I freaked out
yeah they even like the average villager
had voice acting not that they did trick
you with that that guy specifically is
cheering for you think about him while
you play if this was real they would all
be swarming and I'm giving him like
Corona and [__] coughing on his shoes
I'd be giving him confluence 'old
basketball Chris
don't call him Titus so we sweep sweep
us suited friend of Judith there we go
all right I like that let's balls look
so fun to kick around
let's balls a ribbed for your pleasure
or there
I guess they're studied for your
pleasure that's right my dad is checked
yeah checked is awesome Jake this is
awesome he's the only one that sees you
for the little twink is that you turn me
on it's true you kick that thing on the
nub would it hurt each individual nub is
the a piece of steel messes your shins
up every time you kick a balloon filled
with acid wait what
thanks for bailing me out strange child
who apparently manages my time all of
them in sync I don't like this cultist
[__] yes
weird and their faces are horrifying
that's jacked dude he's so cool he is
honestly one of like the coolest Final
Fantasy characters despite him only
being in this game for like ten minutes
I think I think Oren lives up to his his
cool design
Laurens pretty cool yeah he's good
pretty like plump lips yeah he's good
he's making a weird ass face right there
when I froze in place you who is this
this isn't ITA's saying this is supposed
to be like some guy on the radio I think
[Applause]
this is awesome
do they have like the death metal growls
in this this part yeah yeah sing along
Yeah right that's the red man friend of
Method Man holder of milk delicious he's
gonna have the strongest bones he's
gonna regrow his arm oh that's so cool
ah this is nostalgic so Tamar you said
you were a big fan of blitzball in this
game I definitely was a
even remember how to play it now but I
remember I didn't understand it at all
or I didn't want to or care I think the
game makes you play a game of it like
there's no point in playing until you
start learning the jack shots and then
those are basically guaranteed points
that's how I always played these kinds
of games if it worked it works yeah
you're here now which means you didn't
die in the crossfire I did not die in
the game which in turn makes you die in
real life
exactly I remember when I first saw this
blew my mind yeah me too looks so real
it still holds up yeah it looks good
yeah I can't say it's ugly they almost
got crushed by that Caesar head did this
come out first or Kingdom Hearts one um
I think this I think this was my first I
remember okay so it must have been this
is when I was like wow particle effects
are so pretty cool he's flapping he's
trying to put on all that fire it's cuz
he's asymmetrical with his weird fishnet
legging I like a symmetrical character
design but I don't like his design
clothes in this game are ridiculous yeah
I don't even remember this little bit
like his like his elbows like a Chinese
finger trap it's true I don't remember
that kid either goddamn does he ever
come back no yeah that kids relevant
he's like a big plot thing really I
don't I've beaten this game and I don't
remember his existence okay big plot
thing is probably being generous but I
feel like it's some twist like oh it's
this person traveling through time and
it's like that oh you did that all on
your own
what's the thing that destroys the world
I guess sin yeah it's like a big weird
blue whale it's weird it kind of looks
like the Cloverfield monster I think all
these plots are like they're just really
like high-stakes basic [__] fantasy
plots the end of the day
the source of pure evil needs to be
defeated by the source of pure good I do
remember this thing actually seeming
like oh [__] when it showed up I'll beat
you with my finger trap take it he's so
cool yeah he really is he gives you a
sweet ass this was our boy they're
taking his other arm out of a little
sling does it work I don't maybe it
doesn't maybe he's like Bob Dole oh yeah
it does he's gonna rough in his belly
right now Warren also known as the Bob
Dylan Final Fantasy exactly this game is
just straight-up
turn-based though right it's not it
doesn't have the ATB system or whatever
I don't know yeah I don't think there's
anything like the ATV you can see in the
right the order that things are gonna
attack if we look at the right trigger
thing yeah so monster a is next so you
can kill that you can eliminate its turn
damn I forget all this yeah this is cool
that they kind of surround you and stuff
like they don't do the traditional three
guys and a line kind of thing I don't
remember that but I think it's just
certain battles that happens then
sometimes they do just do the head on is
that sander is that just like a little I
guess that's just like a slightly niggly
you stupid yeah it's actually
canonically and in the Hershey's mythos
a wiggly Nikoli is that thing at the end
of a Hershey's kiss the little thing
that's a real does that sound like a
light Omar that sounds kind of like you
Lyle I'm not gonna lie who are in yeah
also your little I did same kind of
truce somehow I don't know why that's
actually what it's called wait really
yes I swear to God look it up did I
subconsciously to store that in my brain
I feel like I've told you that before
okay there you go but she yeah
down the bumpers and stuff I'm sorry
Tammy that like takes off like a portion
of your help dude oh wait doesn't it I
got no clue man huh
I played this game when I was kind of
young enough to just be like if it looks
like a big explosion it's good you know
yeah that's perfect
that thing's gonna butt hole at the top
of it there's a safe thing mother was
little that little dude feel like an
appropriate time to save what are you
laughing at picture of my dad more of
these sky eggs I have a hot date tonight
that's what I would say if I was in this
situation that smirk anyway he'll that
poor little fella he'll eat yeah just
heal both you healed the enemy damn it
actually there there's enemies in the
game that are like Zambia that's what
that's why you actually would I guess
you have to do left and right up and
down switches between enemies and
friends yeah Schwimmer your silly
biscuit I'll give you that whoops there
you go
things going what we did we killed those
five things we could have killed easily
there's no way that tank would've made
that whole building fall over go that's
what they said about those 747s Chris I
like it when you say hellish things
tomar but we this music here's a weird
oh yeah
it's funny not to help this is your
story don't throw me into the shuttering
home
it makes me law his screaming voice is
just horrendous his I think his voice in
general is pretty goofy I like it though
it's like like it's not a bad casting
but it's I feel like it fits the
character yeah exactly is where he calls
you a little [__] and slaps you on the
ass where I was what I got myself into I
started to feel light-headed Warren
roofied me and Titus and they've thought
about a child a dream of being alone the
classic Martin Luther King speech I had
a dream
a dream of being alone they've
definitely sold every piece of jewelry
any of these characters have ever worn
yeah that necklace looks like something
that would come with a special edition
okay that was a that was a line delivery
scared away your only friend yeah that
bird was your last hope and you screamed
hey at it weird now it's gone all right
here we go it's like Waterworld starring
Kevin Costner I think all dead
compilations feared the term I'll bet
sounds so familiar yes as you played
this when you were a child Thank You
Burt and then your mom came in and beat
your ass I remember uh hating this area
I don't know why hey really yeah I don't
really like boring gray shitty broken
areas not even this with big floppy
foots no he's gonna say those were like
metal footsteps bubbles my favorite what
are your teeth you get to hang out with
that guy why are you mad at him for not
having teeth Tomer they should make a
game where you knock out your teeth at
the beginning of the game and then you
just have to collect your final fantasy
ten that's funny
like it would be funnier in a Final
Fantasy game where everyone's all pretty
and beautiful yeah you're just walking
around the room bully
out of your mouth oh yeah this is the
classic battle music yeah no this song
is awesome I [__] love it it's my
ringtone right now is it really yeah
call my phone oh I remember this good
thing he's got a big belly like a bowl
full of jelly and you smack his belly he
wiggles and jiggles also I gotta say I
love the designs of this game of the
enemies and the summons they're really
cool
oh yeah that did crap damage oh and he's
murdering me you gotta beat that thing
up oh man there's this [__] youtuber
called Pontus Pontus Hultgren and he
makes these amazing Final Fantasy music
remakes and they're really good also be
careful tomar this crash bandicoot
segment of you were flying towards the
camera you're gonna die also if I recall
correctly you don't actually like beat
this thing here and you can come back
and kick its ass later really I think so
I could be totally wrong wait Judith
should've died in this place sat around
thinking about rocks hey it's me made
some weird footsteps around the way
that's not right what's not right about
it yes someone someone so it was a
little sloppy during this HD remake I'm
les
say voila
wait what it's pretty strong were they
implying that he just yes
[Laughter]
oh go save it the planet Saturn examine
that that's where you're gonna get your
fire
it's Flint tain flows good job that's
all you need in here Oh eat those this
was probably good tinder yeah so
withered bout it just for you you can
use it to propose to a withered woman
you can't go to this way oh you can
Homer I almost give you false Intel I'm
sorry you prevent you were trying to
prevent me from finding that hi-potion
yeah I'm sorry
that's Chris's secret stash dude
flick-flick flick-flick okay whoa oh wow
what would you do if in this cutscene he
took off your shoes took off his socks
and wrung water into his mouth okay be
good they need to do more fun stuff like
that it was a bad call your team II lost
because of Union reverts although I am
your manager and your sword teachers I
get to critique your sports playing I
think I saw [__] ghost kid oh man mmm
dreaming about that time I was outed by
a child
hey wait don't go out on me throw
yourself on the flame light yourself a
blaze to preserve it it's not a human
also pull out your hair and throw it on
there it can't be reasoned with
yeah look at that it looks awesome look
at it go I like it look at it skate